Resolve "Project housekeeping" (#3)
shelvesdragon/knitting-pattern-playground: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## General Workflow
The repository has two main branches:

- The default `staging`-branch. This branch contains the latest version of the project, which might be incomplete or unstable, but builds successfully.
- The `production`-branch. This branch contains the latest stable release version of the project.

1. For each feature request, a feature request issue must be created.
2. For each bug report, a bug report issue must be created.
3. From the issue, a new branch must be created. The branch must start with the corresponding issue number.

> 4. For each issue, a pull request to staging must be created. If a pull request to another branch is necessary, there is an explanation in the pull request description.

Author: ```suggestion
4. For each issue, a pull request to staging must be created. If a pull request to another branch is necessary, there must be an explanation in the pull request description.
```

> 5. The feature is implemented on the feature branch

Author: ```suggestion
5. The feature must be implemented on the feature branch
```

> 6. The TODO-list in the issue is completed. The pull request must be marked as ready.

Author: ```suggestion
6. The `TODO`-list in the issue must completed by ticking off all checkboxes that can be check prior to the merge. The pull request must be marked as ready.
```

7. The changes of pull requests must be reviewed before merging can be completed.
8. If further changes are necessary, threads are opened on the corresponding code positions and the pull request is marked as draft. Once all threads are resolved, continue in Step 6.

> 9. If no further changes are necessary, all threads are resolved and the reviews are completed successfully, the pull request can be merged into staging.

Author: ```suggestion
9. If no further changes are necessary, all threads are resolved, and the reviews are completed successfully, the pull request can be merged into staging.
```
